Fix broken link (#15)
knubie/vim-kitty-navigator: README.md

- `<ctrl-k>` => Up
- `<ctrl-l>` => Right

> If you want to use alternate key mappings, see the [configuration sectionbelow](https://github.com/knubie/vim-kitty-navigator#custom-key-bindings).

Reviewer: Thanks @fladson ! New typo introduced here.
```suggestion
If you want to use alternate key mappings, see the [configuration section below](https://github.com/knubie/vim-kitty-navigator#custom-key-bindings).
```
